1319976836
Application	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateUsers	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/db/migrate/20111030121347_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
DemoApp	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/config/application.rb	module DemoApp
TestCase	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
change	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/db/migrate/20111030121347_create_users.rb	  def change
create	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/victor/Desenvolvimento/railsTutorial/demo_app/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
